			               MySQL 

- It is an open source and cross platform database.
- It is Relational Database Management system.
- It manages structured data. [Schema Based]
- It is good in analytics, wearhouse and BI. [Business Intelligence].
- It uses SQL as language.
- SQL language provides various methods of interaction with database.
- SQL language classifies its operations into following types

	a) DDL 
	b) DML
	c) DCL

DDL
- Data Definition Language
- It is responsible for creating and configuring the database.

DML
- Data Manipulation Language
- It is responsible for manipulating data.
- It includes querying, inserting, updating, deleting like actions.

DCL
- Data Control Language
- It is responsible for controlling database.
- It includes security, authorizations, authentications etc.

		                 MySQL Database Objects

1. Database	: It is a store to keep the data.

2. Table		: In database data is kept in table. It is structured data.

3. Row / Field	: In a table data is arranged in rows and columns.

4. View		: It is an object with virtual data from various tables and with different
		  queries.

5. Join		: It is like embedded documents, with data from multiple tables.

6. Triggers	: It is a like a macro with set of actions defined. So that the actions
		  are executed in the same sequence when ever required.

7. Stored Procedure : It is used to refactor the code, so that you can reuse the functionality.

- The other database objects in various relational database management systems..

8. Forms		: It provides an UI for handling interaction with data. It uses a middleware.

9. Reports		: It is used to generate documents for priting and exporting into various
		  formats. [Xls, PDF, CSV..]

10. Macro		: It is a set of actions.


Setup MySQL on your PC:

1. Download and Install MySQL from installer

	https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/

2. In the install process select "custom" install

3. Select Products
	a) MySQL Server
	b) MySQL Shell
	c) MySQL Workbench 

4. Select authentication method as  "Use Strong Password"

5. Specify the connection and password details

	server	: localhost / 127.0.0.1
	password : 1234

6. Select "grant full access" 

7. Your PC comprises of  MySQL Shell and MySQL workbench

8. Open MySQL Workbench and Add new connection

	host	:  localhost  or  127.0.0.1
	user	:  root
	port	:  3306
	Store in vault : set password [1234]

9. Start MySQL Server from your  "Services.msc"

10. Connect the client tool with server

11. Open Workbench  dashboard and switch to "Schemas" category to work with "database objects".

		               Data Definition Language
1. create		
- It is a command used to create the database and define the structure.
- You can create various database objects like
	a) database
	b) procedure
	c) view
	d) tigger
	e) table etc..

Syntax:
	create database demodb;























































